refactor(server): provide createDevServer method instead of getServerAPIs (#1818)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: packages/document/docs/en/api/javascript-api/instance.mdx

});
```

## rsbuild.createDevServer

Rsbuild comes with a built-in dev server designed to improve the development experience. When you run the `rsbuild dev` command, the server will start, providing features such as page preview, routing, and hot module reloading.

If you want to integrate Rsbuild dev server into an custom server, you can use this method to get the instance methods of Rsbuild dev server and call them on demand.

- **Type:**

```ts
type RsbuildDevServer = {
  /** start the Rsbuild DevServer */
  listen: () => Promise<{
    urls: string[];
    port: number;
    server: Server;
  }>;

  /** The following APIs will be used when you use a custom server */

  /**
   * The resolved rsbuild server config
   *
   * More config can be get from `rsbuild.getNormalizedConfig` api
   */

>   config: {

Reviewer: how about just export `port` instead of `config.port`, since most config are obtained by `getNormalizedConfig`.

});
```

## rsbuild.createDevServer

Rsbuild comes with a built-in dev server designed to improve the development experience. When you run the `rsbuild dev` command, the server will start, providing features such as page preview, routing, and hot module reloading.

> If you want to integrate Rsbuild DevServer into an existing Server, you can use this method to obtain the instance methods of Rsbuild DevServer and call them on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to integrate Rsbuild dev server into an custom server, you can use this method to get the instance methods of Rsbuild dev server and call them on demand.
```

> - **type:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Type:**
```

```ts
type RsbuildDevServer = {
  /** start the Rsbuild DevServer */
  listen: () => Promise<{
    urls: string[];
    port: number;
    server: Server;
  }>;

  /** The following APIs will be used when you use a custom server */

  /** The resolved rsbuild server config */
  config: {

>     devServerConfig: DevConfig & ServerConfig;

Reviewer: Can the user just use `rsbuild.getNormalizedConfig`? so this `devServerConfig` and `host` `https` can be removed.

Author: seems only `port` is necessary in config.

    port: number;
    host: string;
    https: boolean;

>     defaultRoutes: Routes;

Reviewer: What is the `default` mean? When will this param be used

Author: removed

  };

  /**
   * connect app instance.
   *
   * Can be used to attach custom middlewares to the dev server.
   */
  middlewares: Middlewares;

  /** Notify Rsbuild that the custom server has started */

>   afterListen: (options?: { port?: number; routes?: Routes }) => Promise<void>;

Reviewer: Why the `afterListen` needs to provide the `port` and `routes` params?

Author: Deleted. This value is required in `onAfterStartDevServer` hook and will be used in startUrl and printUrls, but for users, they don't need to customize them, they can directly configure `dev.startUrl` and `server.printUrls`.

  /** Subscribe to the http upgrade event */
  onHTTPUpgrade: UpgradeEvent;

  /** close the Rsbuild DevServer */
  close: () => Promise<void>;
};

type CreateDevServerOptions = {
  /** Custom Compiler */
  compiler?: Compiler | MultiCompiler;

  /** Whether to get the port silently, the default is false */
  getPortSilently?: boolean;

  /** Whether to trigger Rsbuild compilation, the default is true */
  runCompile?: boolean;
};

function CreateDevServer(
  options?: CreateDevServerOptions,
): Promise<RsbuildDevServer>;
```

- **Example:**

Here is an example with [express](https://expressjs.com/):

```ts
import { pluginReact } from '@rsbuild/plugin-react';
import { createRsbuild } from '@rsbuild/core';
import express from 'express';

export async function startDevServer() {
  // init Rsbuild
  const rsbuild = await createRsbuild({
    rsbuildConfig: {

>       plugins: [pluginReact()],

Reviewer: `pluginReact` is not required in this example
